I'm a big believer that eBay is one of
the greatest things to come from the
internet age I mean there's always so
much interesting and off-the-wall stuff
for sale and besides where else am I
gonna get my Soviet military surplus or
fusion laser optics
now unfortunately eBay has a lot of
rules against selling hazardous items
and these can be incredibly annoying for
those of us who like to play with
dangerous stuff so that means if you're
looking to buy things like cyanide or
depleted uranium you're gonna have to go
to other websites in terms of lasers
eBay bans the sale of handheld laser
stronger than five minutes now
unfortunately this is a lot less than
the power you need to light stuff on
fire now this also happens to be the
federal limit in the United States for
the sale and import of handheld lasers
so in fact anything stronger than this
is actually illegal except under special
circumstances but honestly this isn't
even that horrible of a rule because
anything stronger than five minutes can
do permanent damage to your eyes faster
than you can blink the other thing is
overseas sellers obviously don't care
about our laws but they still do have to
follow eBay's guidelines well it turns
out they actually found a very easy way
around these all they have to do is say
that their lasers are isafe then they
can continue to pump out blinding lasers
to kids all over the world because what
could possibly go wrong there I went on
eBay about two blue laser kits for about
fifty bucks apiece now I know what
you're thinking why on earth would I
show myself breaking federal law on
video well I didn't break the law the
listings explicitly stated that the
power output was under five minutes I
paid money for two low-power legal
lasers and nothing else and to top it
off actually found US sellers for these
kits so in the event that they turn on
over powered it's just the blame to them
because it's not illegal for me to just
own a high-powered laser here I've
opened up the boxes to see what's inside
now the lasers themselves are different
styles but the kids are essentially
identical they come with some lithium
ion batteries a charger and some
diffraction gratings now each set also
comes with a pair of laser goggles which
is a good idea in theory but you'd have
to be a total idiot to trust these
things to protect your eyes now before I
fire these up I'm gonna put on my own
goggles from a legit source cuz I don't
know about you guys but I certainly
value my eyeballs a lot more than
whoever found the cheapest way to put
together these kits now personally I
like goggles from survival lasers who
know I'm not getting paid to say that I
just simply like through stuff in fact
I'll never accept payment to bro any
laser safety gear now that being said
sponsors are a great way to fund all my
crazy ideas and projects and I want to
give a big thank you to war robots for
sponsoring this video
war robots is an awesome strategy 6v6
multiplayer warfare game where two teams
battle it out in real time with their
own personalized war machines now the
scheme has amazing 3d graphics and a
huge variety of specialized robots and
weapons to choose from help support my
crazy projects by downloading and
playing this free game for your phone
download the game using my link below
and you'll get a welcome bonus pack
which includes the GI Patton robot and a
unique skin for it
you also get a full set of weapons as
well as 100 gold and 400,000 silver
which will give you a huge head start
when you start playing war robots has
over 100 million players around the
world is constantly being updated with
new robots new maps and new weapons you
get to choose how the game unfolds as
there's over 50 robots to choose from
the weapons that fit whatever play style
you like the developers are even working
on a huge new update or you'll be in
charge of a whole squad of pilots with
over 20 different characters to choose
from so what do you say let's play
alright let's jam in some batteries and
see just how I save these things really
are and here we go
what that why would it work so it turns
out the switch on this thing is complete
in utter garbage but this thing seems to
work alright and what can I say
contrary to what it said in the listing
I safe is not how I would describe this
in fact it's probably so far over the
safety limit that's laughable I
definitely would not want to be hitting
the eyes by this after a bit more
percussive maintenance I was able to get
this laser working again but I want to
exactly count on it lasting a long time
so what can I do with these extremely
dangerous lasers well a lot of things
that is if you like setting things on
fire when properly focused this laser
can burn and cut through several
different materials due to the high
power density it produces you can light
matches
it could ignite flash paper it can cut
through electrical tape mmm smokes
plastic now it won't ignite my propane
tank but it can pop balloons with ease
that was pretty fun they can also burn
your freaking eyes out with ease
nowadays a lot of people get eye
injuries from lasers that turn out way
stronger than advertised in fact we
should measure just how strong these
lasers really are here I have this
really nice pronto laser power meter by
gentec-eo now let's go tell me exactly
how strong these lasers are and here we
go
so well over a white there are 1.5 watts
actually yeah so it's literally hundreds
of times stronger than advertised
let's check out this other one here mmm
so we're about the same so they're very
very powerful yeah if these things were
in a lab they'd have to be bolted to a
table in a locked room and you need
hours of laser safety training before
even coming near them so these things
are definitely not toys the kits also
come with the set diffraction gratings
that are commonly called star caps by
the sellers now they mount on top of the
laser and split up the beam to many
different patterns and now I have to
admit the effects are downright
beautiful on camera by having several
laser beam shooting all over the place
isn't exactly safe some of the
individual beam lights can still be
strong enough to cause eye damage even
if they're just a fraction of the
initial power of the beam just 1/3 of 1%
of the output is it all it takes to
damage your eyes faster than you can
blink I obviously have nothing against
owning a high-power laser in fact I
think lasers are a great hobby but
selling something like this is isafe is
appalling now you may think it's obvious
to be careful with something like this
but some sellers say that you can use
this for presentations or playing with
your cats now that's obviously a
terrible idea is even just looking at
the spot on the wall without goggles can
do permanent eye damage you make just
one mistake with one of these and it's
lights out forever now I know what
you're thinking is it possible to make
these even stronger now the answer is
obviously yes although it isn't exactly
easy and you definitely shouldn't do it
but honestly at this point
kind of curious what kind of stupid
powers I could get out of these if I you
know just tear it down and replace some
of the parts inside so yeah without
further ado let's get started here I've
laid out my tools to start surgery on
the laser I'm not ever gonna bother with
static protection today because as far
as I'm concerned the laser is already
defective the laser casing comes apart
with ease to expose the internal laser
module another could definitely be
improvements to the way this module fits
into the casing because as it stands
there was a ton of empty space and poor
thermal contact between the laser module
in the case and now before you ask yes
the mod I'm about to do is legal for me
as the federal regulations don't ban me
from building strong lasers I just can't
import or sell something like this as
well as a giant list of other things I
can't do with it the most power limiting
components in this device is definitely
the laser diode now I could just try
driving way harder but really this
wouldn't give me that much of a power
boost and would probably just fry the
laser diode so I decided to replace the
stock laser diode with this much
stronger one and all the stock one is
really jammed in there and since I'm not
exactly feeling very patient today I
think I'm just gonna knock it out of
there you know I gotta admit I
definitely feel guilty taking hamerton
Nobel Prize winning technology although
I actually think I removed it intact but
I already have hundreds of similar laser
diodes in hand so I wouldn't exactly be
devastating if I broke it I've mounted
the new laser diode by press fitting in
a copper heatsink and attaching some
leads now I really wish I would have
known about silicon wire when I first
started messing with like trying's
because it's just so easy to work with
and it bends instead of shearing off
connections when it's twisted know here
I've had to drill out the hosts a bit to
fit the new heatsink then I added a case
wire to bring power through the host
itself to the laser the puny driver in
this thing isn't nearly strong enough to
power the new Beast
so I've stripped off all the components
to use as a mount for a commercial buck
driver and now the driver fits on nicely
but unfortunately the anodizing on the
host threads prevents the casing from
conducting the way I had intended but
luckily just drilling a hole in the
laser module and then directly soldering
the case lead here is a really easy fix
the laser just screws back together at
this point now I'm not exactly sure how
the switch is gonna hold up to the
higher current demands I'm just gonna
cross my fingers and hope it doesn't
explode hell if I wasn't a lazy piece of
garbage
I'll just use a MOSFET to handle the
power switching here now I guess the
last thing to do is swap out the
batteries as these chief stock lithium
ions will not cut the current demands of
the new set up all right let's see if
this thing even works but first I'm
gonna fire up this one for reference
okay so it's still strong now how about
this one oh wow that's way stronger
in fact you hear that little pieces of
the desk are exploding off when the
laser hits oh wow
there's actually a little fireball
shooting off the surface it's probably
easier for me to see through the goggles
than on camera but well that's
ridiculous that's so scary I want you
guys to be able to see this fireball
effect so I'm gonna put some goggles
over the camera that way you guys have a
better view of what's going on all right
here we go
oh wow that's ridiculous that is some
serious power it just forms a plasma on
the surface like nothing wow it's
amazing that a laser of this power can
be built into a handheld device it's so
cool now I feel like the camera just
isn't doing a great job at showing how
much stronger this thing is now so I'm
gonna put on the laser power meter
alrighty so it's uh okay so it's over
five Watts about five and a half watts
so it's actually several times stronger
than what it was originally
I know it's funny because I actually
built this thing to be quite a bit
stronger than this I was actually
wanting eight watts I guess the driver
and battery combination just can't quite
get that laser diode to its full power
well I guess now the only tests that are
left are to see what I can burn a
destroy so here's a CD case oh wow
that's so fast my goodness hey cuts
right through it like butter let's see
how fast it'll cut holes through
cardboard gonna light it on fire that
works too let's try it against a plastic
cup oh wow
keeps lighting a fire okay this is
awesome
yeah look at that it's amazing a while
all right here I'm gonna try letting you
match the hard way so I'm gonna point it
here at the matchstick not the actual
match head there and try to get that to
catch on fire oh it's almost there
and there it guys
cool all right let's give tape another
go Wow slices right through that that's
amazing I wonder if it's gonna cut
soldering wire I'm definitely going to
get behind my camera's viewfinder for
this one oh that's close
oh wow that's amazing we're not expected
to melt something so shiny this one
should be easy here's a candle okay a
piece of cake that's like the world's
Fancy's candle lighter I like it I
wonder what it will do to this cashew
mmm I love the smell of roasted nuts
caught in fire
it's so cool all right I got one more
dumb one let's see if it can give my arm
a haircut oh oh wow I can feel it
burning the hairs right off the key to
not getting third-degree burns is by not
letting it touch the skin oh wow that's
awesome that's a high-tech method of
Shaving ouch
gosh it's such a shame these things are
so incredibly dangerous because they're
really really cool all right so I feel I
may give some mixed messages with this
video so I want to clarify a few things
so first off if I didn't beat into your
heads earlier these things even
unmodified are incredibly dangerous and
I don't recommend buying one in fact if
you're interested in experimenting
around with lasers that's awesome
because lasers are very educational
hobby and there's so much to learn from
them but don't start with something as
powerful as this that is just a that's
just a terrible idea
in fact by the time I had built a laser
as strong as this one I
tinkers lasers for over five years and
granted the technology wasn't available
to me when I started this hobby but I'm
really really thankful that I had all
this time you learn about laser safety
and here's the basics of handling lasers
before I ever messed with something so
extreme all right before in this video I
got to give you guys a tour of my new
shop now I could have gotten this place
with all the help from my patreon
supporters and my new sponsors so a big
THANK YOU to you guys and since the last
time I posted I've gotten a ton new
awesome stuff like all these giant
Soviet vacuum tubes and capacitors and
they got more high energy laser optics
and crystals up here there's gonna be so
many cool things coming from this
channel very very soon hey it's funny
because the only thing that's really
slowing me down at this point is
actually shooting the videos I've been
working on so many awesome projects
recently having a 100 amp panel is a
really nice change for my last place
because having more power is always a
good thing the videos from my
overclocked series on YouTube are
probably most popular right now and
believe it or not this is actually just
a driver for the next episode of that
series and yeah I got very very carried
away there's parts from like 7
microwaves on there and you're never
gonna guess what I'm using it to power
up check out this awesome plug that I
have it's definitely one of my favorite
cores I mean look how thick that is
hello yeah it goes to my 100 watt
q-switched green laser I've been going
through a ton of microwaves recently and
I'm down to just 2 so I'm definitely
gonna need more microwaves i mounted
some of my laser guns on the wall over
here one of these is a moth that's about
it for this video until the next time
stay safe and happy lazing